President Li
It's President Li
You're new here
and don't know your way around
What?
Did you get lost?
I'm looking for...
Liu...
Stroll...
Just strolling around
Just strolling around, right?
Alright
I'll head to the rec room then
Teacher Liu and the others are playing cards there
Please, go ahead
What did you say?
Wait a minute
I'll also...
Grandpa
Who's a grandpa?
Am I a grandpa?
Then you're our grandpa
Um
Excuse me, how do we get to the Director's office?
What do you do?
We're seniors in the Sociology Department
Grandpa
We're here to do field research
Field?
You think this is the countryside?
No
It's a social survey
An internship
Volunteering
Right
Grandpa
I'm the team leader
My name is Ji Yusheng
Our captain
My surname is Li
My name is Li Jianguo
Call me President Li
From now on
Stop calling me grandpa all the time
Hello, President Li
Personally, I think
Young people should do more social surveys
Don't just get lost in book knowledge
Our country has entered an aging society
The issue of caring for the elderly's needs
is especially important
He's a leader here, right?
Definitely
Listen to that tone
At least a Director
I think
Our university president doesn't speak this well
Could be a Minister
A leader sent down to give guidance
President Li
Where exactly is the administration office?
Good question
Where is it?
Aren't you...
No...
Aren't you the Director?
Who said I was the Director?
But the Director here used to work under me
So he's not the Director
Your work is very meaningful
I personally express my full support
President Li
Look at that door with people going in and out
Is that the rec room you're looking for?
Where?
There
Why didn't you say so earlier?
Should we go there too?
Grandpa
No, President Li
If you buy, buy the kind that only makes a profit
Where can you find stocks like that?
Trading stocks is dangerous
That's called risk
That livestream channel
said the mango farm was hit by a disaster.
Oh my, so I placed an order right away.
I just bought them.
But when they arrived and I looked,
you saw it yourself.
They were this tiny.
I thought they were dates.
Later, I checked online.
Not at all.
There was no disaster at the mango farm.
Nowhere in the whole country.
Isn't that just tricking a big fool like me?
Teacher Liu, you're not a fool.
You are just kind-hearted.
Professor Fan, you're right about that.
Our Teacher Liu is especially kind.
Never mind people,
usually even an ant,
she wouldn't
bear to step on.
I live with her in "fratricidal strife."
That's not exactly accurate,
but that's the idea anyway.
You just arrived, so you don't know her well.
He doesn't know, but I do.
I grew up watching the movies starring Teacher Liu.
That color feature film,
"Flowers of the Motherland".
It left such a deep impression.
I wouldn't say I starred in it.
I just had a cameo appearance.
For our generation,
is there anyone who hasn't seen this movie?
Is there anyone not deeply impressed by it?
No one.
I can even recite the lines from memory.
Teacher Liu portrayed the character Honghong's
innocence and cuteness
most vividly and thoroughly.
You really are a great professor.
You speak so eloquently.
This isn't just an ordinary fan.
This is
a die-hard fan.
How does that saying go?
"Fate brings people together from a thousand miles away."
I am also...
"Without fate, one can be opposite and not know each other."
This is just wonderful.
An old professor,
who is a master of calculation.
A great artist,
who is good at singing and dancing.
A perfect match!
If these two good people come together...
I say, this auntie here.
Who are you calling auntie?
I'm younger than you.
You should call me Xiao Cai.
Auntie Xiao Cai.
I need to have a talk with you.
When a leader wants to talk, it's never good news.
It is good news.
There are too many people here.
Let's find somewhere quiet.
Come on
I'll play a round with you
Alright
Director Chang
We...
Could you please...
address me by my academic degree
and not by my job title?
Doctor
Director
We have a few questions for you
Ask away
In this retirement community of ours...
how many seniors have been admitted in total?
What is the current occupancy rate of Yangliu Xincheng...
roughly? And how did they find out about this place?
Recommendations from friends
Saw advertisements
Right
All of the above
Did they come voluntarily
or did their children send them here?
First of all, we...
How much are the fees?
Do the seniors pay themselves or do their children pay?
What happens if they run out of money while living here?
I also have...
Hold it
Students, ask your questions one by one
Here, let me ask you first
Why did you young people...
think of coming to a retirement community
to take care of the elderly?
We are sociology majors
We wanted to use the last semester of university
to do volunteer work
and understand the elderly and their needs
The topic of my graduation thesis
is exploring the psychological issues of the elderly
I was raised by my grandmother
so I have affection for the elderly
My goal in coming to this place is to...
work more and eat less
I'll definitely lose weight
I am...
That's enough
Students, I think I know enough
How about this
I will organize a small symposium
and invite a few seniors over
Whatever questions you have
you can chat with them personally
Is that okay?
Good, sure
Alright then, follow me
Can I ask you a few more questions?
I'm currently... I...
What are you doing? Pulling and tugging in broad daylight
It looks bad if people see us
I say, Ma'am...
Little Cai
Cai...
I am a straightforward person
I don't beat around the bush
I'll just tell you the truth
Do you know...
what my real purpose for coming to Yangliu Xincheng...
is?
How would I know that?
What is it?
It's...
Liu...
To stay
Wait, haven't you already stayed?
You're used to living here, right?
No, who said anything about staying?
If you're not staying
are you thinking of leaving again?
Oh my, President Li
I have to remind you
Seniors shouldn't act like this
One moment thinking one thing
the next moment another idea
No...
Who's changing their mind all the time?
Who said I was leaving?
Didn't you just say that?
With you blocking my words like this
I really don't know what to say
This...
To make a long story short...
My wife...
passed away over five years ago.
I live alone now.
It's not that I can't manage.
It just feels a bit off.
I just want to find someone...
of a similar age,
with similar interests,
a like-minded female comrade.
To walk the rest of life's path together.
Say no more.
You're making me blush.
What's there to be shy about?
You...
Since you've put it that way...
well, President Li...
I'll also briefly...
introduce my situation.
My name is Cai Xiaoying.
I'm sixty-four this year.
My husband...
passed away early.
I raised a son named Chen Dabao.
He married a wife, a little vixen.
Hu Xiaoli.
I...
He listens to that vixen for everything.
She's got him bewitched.
My son...
My grandson is good.
Doudou.
He's not like his mom.
He's like our Chen family.
Stop.
We...
Why are you telling me all this mess?
Is there any point?
Is all this...
important?
Of course it's important!
No...
this is a major life event.
Shouldn't the two of us be cautious?
The two of us?
Wait, what does this have to do with you?
You just said it and now you deny it?
This...
Really, this...
What did I say?
You said...
what...
similar age,
similar interests,
like-minded and all that.
I wasn't talking about you!
I was talking about...
Ms. Liu.
Ms. Liu?
Keep it down.
You're interested in Ms. Liu?
Yes.
That's not really suitable, is it?
That new Professor Fan...
seems to have a thing with Ms. Liu...
Not suitable.
They're the ones who aren't suitable!
They aren't suitable?
Then who is?
You mean...
you and Ms. Liu are suitable?
Exactly.
You can see it, right?
Just imagine...
Ms. Liu and I...
walking arm in arm down the street.
Enough.
I can't imagine it.
It doesn't matter if you can't.
Just help introduce us.
You mean...
you want me...
to be the matchmaker?
To play Cupid? Do some matchmaking?
What do you think?
Isn't this right up my alley?
It's an act of charity
Leave it to me
Just wait and see
Good
I'm going now
Speaking of me
why I came to this retirement community
I must
start with a student of mine
As for me
having taught for so many years
the one who truly inherited my mantle
is this one disciple
Is this disciple of yours male or female
Of course it's a male
I thought it was a teacher-student romance
I didn't catch that
What does this have to do with him coming here
Professor Fan
Well, students
mainly want to know
why you came to Yangliu Xincheng
Right
Don't rush
Don't rush me
I'm getting to the main point
If you ask why I came here
I have to mention my daughter
You all know my daughter, right
No
Who is she
She's very famous
You definitely know her
Right, Little Cai
You tell them
Guo Jingjing
I know Guo Jingjing
The diving queen
So you are Guo Jingjing's father
What? What Guo Jingjing
Bai Jingjing
A star in film, TV, and music
She's acted in many movies
That recent reality show
where they lock a few women in a room to tear each other apart
That one
I remember now, I remember
Bai Jingjing, right
In that show
she kept saying
that she thanks her mother
for raising her through all the hardships
Yes
She didn't thank her dad at all
That's because I didn't let her mention me
Keep a low profile
This student of mine
after following me for so many years
can basically stand on his own now
Therefore
I had the idea to step back
and enjoy my golden years
She also said in the show
that in her early years
she grew up in a single-parent family
Her dad, very early on
abandoned her and her mom
Why do you have so much gossip
As for me
I've never been married
I have no children
Didn't I just accidentally
divorce her mother
Understood
My dad is the same as you
However
there is a difference between you two
My dad
cheated during marriage
As if anyone isn't 'in a marriage'
No, I mean when we were young
who hasn't made mistakes
And so, I came here
This student of mine
Professor Fan
Thank you very much for sharing
Thank you
My... uh...
Uh, Teacher Liu
Why don't you tell us your story
I'll tell you
My name is Liu Minzhi.
Why did I come to our retirement community?
I have to start with my personality...
No.
I have to start with my profession...
I have to start with my age.
My profession...
Profession.
With your elegance,
one can tell you're no ordinary person.
You are very, very beautiful.
Just like a movie star.
You guessed right.
She *is* a movie star.
Not really a star anymore.
I'm just an ordinary performer.
Serving the grassroots audience.
You're being modest.
Back in the day, Ms. Liu...
was much more popular than today's viral stars.
She was truly a household name.
Back then,
I even wrote fan letters to Ms. Liu.
There were fans back then?
Not just ordinary fandom.
As you young people say,
a die-hard fan.
Not really.
You're exaggerating.
I'm not exaggerating.
Professor Fan.
Wait, why are you winking?
You're making me embarrassed.
As for my family,
it was ruined by that little vixen.
Vixen?
Is that the farmed kind?
My family raises chickens professionally.
She's talking about her daughter-in-law.
But then again,
if my son hadn't been so disappointing,
it wouldn't have come to this.
So, boys,
just because she looks like a vixen...
you can't walk straight when you see a pretty girl.
Inner beauty is most important.
Understand?
I think outer beauty is more important.
Out of all these kids,
I'm telling you, you don't seem reliable.
You...
sooner or later you'll find a vixen like my son did.
Really?
That's too...
I'm so scared.
Where did you find that vixen for your family?
What do you mean, where?
I introduced her myself!
Speaking of my old profession...
What is your old profession?
You couldn't tell?
Accumulating virtue and doing good deeds.
Matchmaking.
Does the matchmaking industry still exist?
Of course.
There's a demand.
I won't say who it is,
but he's far away in the sky...
yet right before your eyes.
Yes, it's me.
In my life,
I never hide my personal views.
Let me tell you,
the reason I came to Yangliu Xincheng Retirement Community...
my main purpose...
is to pursue love.
What I mean is...
President Li is really a catch.
He doesn't drink, gamble, or womanize.
He's completely honest and trustworthy.
Men like that these days...
are hard to come by.
Why does that sound so familiar?
Oh right, I remember.
Last time you praised Professor Fan,
you used the exact same words.
Did I?
I guess I need some new lines.
That Fan...
Professor Fan is a decent guy.
But he's an intellectual.
He's too calculating and shrewd.
He can't compare to President Li.
President Li is clearly honest and kind.
If it were up to me...
I get it now.
You want to get together with him yourself.
Yes.
What?
No! What do you mean "yes"?
Even if I were interested,
he wouldn't be interested in me.
He's interested in...
Fine, whatever.
I'd better hurry to the singing class.
I've got to go.
See you later.
Don't just say "whatever."
The one he's interested in is you!
No, I... I didn't mean...
I'm going to singing class!
*Our lives are full of sunshine*
*Full of sunshine*
Good.
That was excellent.
That's all for today's class.
If you have any questions,
feel free to ask me afterwards.
Class dismissed.
Thank you, Teacher Liu.
You're welcome, you're welcome.
Teacher Liu.
I have a question.
Regarding the vocalization...
especially the breathing.
I still can't quite get the feel of it.
Professor Fan, you...
You're doing great.
Singing really requires breath support.
Otherwise, you can't hit the high notes.
Look here.
Follow my breathing while you sing.
Like this.
*Ahem*
Stand straight.
Look at Yusheng and Yingzi.
Seems like there's a spark there.
You think so?
Aunt Cai,
Yingzi is going abroad to study.
How could things work out with Yusheng?
As long as there's chemistry,
anything is possible.
With my sharp eyes,
I never miss a thing.
Aunt Cai, stop gossiping.
Look at the match right in front of you.
Just align your placement and breath for now.
What do you think you're doing?
Nothing.
Still wailing like monkeys on the riverbank?
Don't you know men and women shouldn't touch?
Old Li,
what are you doing?
I'm asking Teacher Liu for advice
on vocalization techniques
and breath control.
You're tone-deaf.
Lessons won't help you.
It's precisely because I'm tone-deaf
that I'm practicing vocalization!
Tone-deaf means
you have zero artistic talent.
Don't think I don't know.
You have ulterior motives.
Don't judge a gentleman's heart
with your own petty mind.
My petty mind?
You were hugging Teacher Liu's belly!
It was strictly professional!
I am announcing right now:
I am pursuing...
Teacher Liu!
Anyway
I declare right now
I am pursuing Ms. Liu
Do you dare?
Don't you goad me
Why wouldn't I dare?
I'm a single old bachelor
Even if you were an "Old Six," it wouldn't work
Stay away from Ms. Liu from now on
On what grounds?
Ms. Liu isn't yours
Is it any of your business?
It is
You can't control it
Can't control it
Gentlemen
What's going on here?
Why are you fighting?
Kids, kids, don't you fight
I get scared when I see blood
We aren't fighting
If we got physical
He wouldn't be my match
Right, a gentleman
Uses his words, not his fists
Of course, he's no gentleman either
Let's not be at each other's throats, okay?
Regarding this matter
Neither of you has the final say
All in all
It's up to Ms. Liu to decide
Rest assured
Ms. Liu will definitely choose me
Rest assured, Ms. Liu will certainly fancy me
Look
Let's do this
Tonight
On a dark and windy night
I'll help you ask Ms. Liu out
For a three-way confrontation
Face to face, gongs and drums
Clear things up completely
Whoever Ms. Liu chooses in the end
The other person
Must accept the loss gracefully
No more pestering
Do you agree?
Good
No problem
Ms. Liu
Here's the situation
Ms. Liu, listen to me first
Why should she listen to you?
You two
Both of you stop talking for a moment
What you want to say
Xiao Cai has already told me
The reason I came over
Is because I also feel
I should, in front of you both
Give you a clear answer
There's already a clear answer?
Shouldn't you consider it carefully?
Wait a moment
You're making me really nervous
I forgot to bring my nitroglycerin
First of all
To be able to receive
The deep affection of you two big brothers
I feel extremely honored
For someone like me, Liu
My youth has passed
My prime is gone
How can I be worthy of such an honor?
However
How am I to choose?
Just like
Back when we were young
In the "200 Foreign Folk Songs"
As sung in the song "The Hawthorn Tree"
The stars in the summer night
Keep watching the two of them
It's a bit high
But they won't tell me clearly
Which of the two is dearer
The bravest and the dearest
Which one is it really
My dear hawthorn tree
Which of the two is dearer
Teacher Liu
Please stop singing
Your high notes might attract wolves
We didn't come here to hear you sing
I... Old Li
Watch your mouth
Teacher Liu's singing...
It's probably best not to sing
Two big brothers
Right... no
Two little brothers
You are both my mentors and friends
We have a long future ahead
There's plenty of time to get to know each other
I think that
We should cherish this friendship
Respect and love each other
And share our golden years together
Do you think I'm right?
Brilliant
Truly brilliant
What Teacher Liu means is
You both understand now, right?
Understood
She didn't choose him
And she didn't choose you either
I have a chance
My chance is bigger than yours
Definitely not as big as mine
Fine
I misjudged this
Yusheng, Yingzi
Let me have a chat with you two